feat: README for the Valve Monitor accelerator (#59)
blues/app-accelerators: valve-monitor/README.md

  * If you do get the DIGITEN valve, make sure you also have [spade cables](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08F784R9W/ref=cm_sw_r_api_i_3GMNPATKY77AAC247J9S_0)
  for connecting the valve to power.
* Tubing for moving liquid throughout your hardware, such as this
[1/4 OD silicone tubing](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09H4RNGGG/ref=cm_sw_r_api_i_H171CC4D2EDPPM23X8A4_0?th=1).
* A power breakout, such as this [HiLetgo power breakout](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07X9SQKL6/ref=cm_sw_r_api_i_5JYD92FH343E04VKPMR5_0)
for supplying correct voltage to this project’s various components.
* An I2C level shifter, such as [this one from HiLetgo](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07F7W91LC/ref=cm_sw_r_api_i_FZPJ7VRY2329ARNQ3W22_0), to
translate the flow meter’s pulses from 5V logic to 3.3V logic for the Swan
microcontroller.
* A MOSFET driver, such as this one from [HiLetgo](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01I1J14MO/ref=cm_sw_r_api_i_8YRY25Q7R9HGV1ZPHERP_0),
is required to allow the Swan to switch on high-power devices such as the
solenoid, without needing to send that power from the microcontroller. (The
Swan can only send about 0.066 Watts (3.3V*20mA) out of a GPIO.)

> Additionally you may wish to also use the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally you may wish to also use the following:
```

* (Optional) A manual valve such as this [YZM Quick Connector](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B077H2JWSZ/ref=cm_sw_r_api_i_38J4S2VWFKAZBVEA8GCM_0)
to make it easier to start/stop the flow of liquid while testing.
* (Optional) An enclosure for your hardware such as this
[outdoor-friendly enclosure from Sixfab](https://sixfab.com/product/raspberry-pi-ip54-outdoor-iot-project-enclosure/).

Once you have all of your hardware you’ll next need to assemble the pieces.

> As a start, complete the [Notecard and Notecarrier-F quickstart guide](https://dev.blues.io/quickstart/notecard-quickstart/notecard-and-notecarrier-f/), which will help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start, complete the [Notecard and Notecarrier-F quickstart guide](https://dev.blues.io/quickstart/notecard-quickstart/notecard-and-notecarrier-f/), which will help
```

you connect your Notecard, Notecarrier, and Swan.

![The Notecard, Notecarrier, and Swan connected](images/notecard-and-notecarrier.jpg)

From there you’ll need to connect both your flow meter and solenoid valve
to the Notecarrier. If you’re using this project’s recommended hardware, here’s a [wiring diagram that shows how all the components connect](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPL8v4hE=/).

![Wiring diagram of the various valve monitor components](images/wiring-diagram.png)

Regardless of which hardware you use, you’ll need to have the following pins

> wired to your Notecarrier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wired to your Notecarrier:
```

* The solenoid valve’s signal line must be connected to the Notecarrier’s `F_D6`
pin. The Swan uses this pin to open and close the solenoid.
* The flow meter’s signal line must be be connected to the Notecarrier’s `F_D10`
pin. The Swan uses this pin to read the flow rate from the flow meter.
* The Notecarrier’s `F_D13` pin must be wired to the Notecarrier’s `ATTN` pin. The
Swan uses this to [respond to interrupts](https://dev.blues.io/guides-and-tutorials/notecard-guides/attention-pin-guide/)
whenever the Notecard receives a command to open or close the solenoid valve.

When everything is put together your build should look something like this.

![The Notecarrier connected to the solenoid and the valve monitor](images/full-build-no-case.jpg)

> If you’re additionally using a case like the [recommended one from Sixfab](https://sixfab.com/product/raspberry-pi-ip54-outdoor-iot-project-enclosure/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re also using a case like the [recommended one from Sixfab](https://sixfab.com/product/raspberry-pi-ip54-outdoor-iot-project-enclosure/),
```

> your build can look like this when placed within the enclosure.

Reviewer: Consider including a note about _gently_ bending the antenna and leaving it on the outermost edge of the case to ensure a good cellular connection.

![The full build within a Sixfab enclosure](images/full-build-in-case.jpg)

> With the hardware assembled, you next need to get the project’s firmware running on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the hardware assembled, the next step is to get the project’s firmware running on
```

your device.

## Firmware

The Valve Monitor project has custom firmware that runs on the Swan. As a next step,
complete the [firmware’s setup guide](firmware/) to get your firmware up and running.

## Web Application

The Valve Monitor project’s web application allows you to view flow rates, open and

> close solenoid valves, and manage environment variables in a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
close solenoid valves, set alarm thresholds, and manage environment variables in a browser.
```
